
ABOUT LISTERINE
As the #1 dentist recommended brand, and pioneers in the mouthwash industry, we’re on a mission to inspire the world to discover the transformative impact of a healthy mouth.



WHAT IS THE 21 DAY CHALLENGE?
Listerine mouthwash group
For 21 days, brush, floss then rinse with the proven-superior efficacy of LISTERINE® Antiseptic twice daily for 30 seconds
Feel results after just a few weeks, and form a healthy habit worth keeping for life


LISTERINE® TRAINS THE TRAINERS

Fitness trainers know as well as anyone that before you build a healthy habit, you need to start with a routine. And while their muscles may be in prime condition, some may be forgetting about an important part of a healthy body: a clean mouth! Follow along with their healthy mouth habit journey as they take on the 21 Day Challenge

IT ALL STARTS WITH
OUR INGREDIENTS
Our Essential Oils: Thymol, Eucalyptol, Menthol, and Methyl Salicylate are inspired by nature and proven by science.

Together, they work as antibacterial agents against the germs that cause plaque, gingivitis, and bad breath — and leaving your mouth feeling clean and fresh.

OUR HISTORY:
A STORY OF PIONEERING MOUTHWASH RESEARCH
LISTERINE® is the #1 dentist-recommended mouthwash brand. We are pioneers in the science of mouthwash research and have a long history, but do you know where our name comes from?

When Dr. Joseph Lawrence came up with his unique formula for LISTERINE® mouthwash, he made sure to pay an homage to Dr. Joseph Lister, the English surgeon that pioneered antiseptic surgical methods, leading to more patients surviving than ever before.

Since its launch, LISTERINE® has been subjected to research and clinical trials by different experts and is now recognized for effectively helping prevent plaque deposition and gingival inflammation.

The powerful swish that kills 99.9% of germs that cause bad breath, plaque, and gingivitis for a cleaner, healthier mouth has come a long way. We have Inherited Dr. Lister’s desire to “help as many people as possible,” and continue our research to protect people’s mouths.

WE HAVE HIGH SAFETY AND EFFICACY STANDARDS
We have high safety and efficacy standards for LISTERINE®. Of all the available ingredients, we only use less than 1% in our LISTERINE® products.

Every delivery from our suppliers is inspected to confirm ingredients meet our high standards for purity.
LISTERINE® labels state “Keep out of reach of children.” Additionally, LISTERINE® bottles feature child-resistant caps.
LISTERINE® products come with a seal to ensure that no one has tampered with the product before you purchase it.